[Song]
Nov.
When
[Song]
Give it back to that guy Nam.
Outside, during the sky's twilight,
I'm
pregnant. I just
came to
buy a
pavilion for my collection.
Siriruk offered a yellow one earlier. How's that? Is it good or bad? This person, the one who came to you, gave you the money. Siriruk
[Song]
[Applause]
Walk nicely, I'm talking to
you,
girl. I
want to be friendly.
Who cares? We're just growing up, we're staying quiet, not suing. Maybe I'll try now.
You
[Song]
Tonight, you have water, my name is...
Choose the community that originally admired and then disappeared.   I'm
staying here, the shell is peeling off my shoulder. I
saw it was over, which was
amazing
[song].
Hey, I'm hungry, I'm
lucky, good person. No, no, there's a
person. So I'll
stand here and give it to you
[song].
Even if you let me
buy it,
invite
her name A. Oh, a hundred thousand, oh wow, a hundred thousand, just
search. We used to
use the sky
[song].
[Applause]
Even if this leaf is left, show it off first, something good will come.
Look at this leaf, show it off
first, something
you'll find
[song].
Jan.